Add an example of the API's DynamicIdentityFileCreds (#42495)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/api/architecture.mdx

   functionality, and customizability. Identity files can be generated through
   `tsh login`, `tctl auth sign`, or with
   [Machine ID](../machine-id/introduction.mdx).

>  - DynamicIdentityFileCreds are IdentityFile credentials with support for

Reviewer: I would use code style if we're directly referring to the name of a Go identifier. Otherwise, this seems like the underlying name of the abstraction (irrespective of language) is DynamicIdentityFileCreds.

>    reloading credentials from disk. This makes them a great fit for Machine ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   reloading credentials from disk. This makes them appropriate for Machine ID
```
For consistency with the overall voice of the docs

   integrations, as you can reload the credentials when Machine ID rotates the
   underlying identity files.

>  - Key Pair Credentials have a much simpler implementation than the other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Key pair credentials have a much simpler implementation than the other
```
Since this isn't a proper noun
